docs: :pencil2: clarify that we don't assume direct from DST source files (#522)
steno-aarhus/osdc: vignettes/design.qmd

### Input

- We *do not* assume that the register data comes directly from the
  original source (SAS) files. In fact, many functions assume that a
  certain level of pre-processing and cleaning has been already done to
  the data. These assumptions will be checked, so if the data does not

>   meet these assumptions, the user will be informed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We assume the register data is *not* taken directly from the
  original SAS files, but has undergone prior
  pre-processing and cleaning.
  These assumptions are checked, and
  the user is informed if they are not met.
```

- We also assume that

>   the original source files have been loaded and joined into a single data frame

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  the original source files have been loaded and joined into a single dataset object
```

Reviewer 2: To specify that it's not a `data.frame` or `tibble`, but any DuckDB-backed table-like object, such those loaded from `arrow::open_dataset() |> arrow::to_duckdb()` (like in the wording below)

  any given register. Denmark Statistics stores their register data by year,

>   but we require that all years for a register are joined into one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We also assume that
  the original source files have been loaded and joined into a single data frame
  per register. Although Denmark Statistics stores data by year,
  all years for a register must be merged into one dataset.
```

- As few arguments as is possible, with as few core required arguments
  as possible (ideally one or two).
- `keep_` functions take a register as the first argument.
  - One input register database at a time.
- `drop_` functions can take a register as the first argument or take
  the output from a `keep_` function.
- Function arguments take a single DuckDB type object as input (e.g.
  `duckplyr_df`). This also means that the register datasets must be
  loaded from the multiple source files and joined into one data frame

>   for any given argument that requires that register.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Function arguments take a single DuckDB type object as register input (e.g.
  `duckplyr_df`), consistent with the assumption that each register is 
  provided as a single, unified data frame.
  
```
